The next section we're going to be building is going to be about section.
And so when I have two columns and one is going to be having a background I was going to be fixed background
I'm going to look at how we can create a slant effect and all this is going to have a text.
So let's go back over here.
Right now we can close the script on here and also make it we're going to go to the next page.
All right.
And then we're going to have an About section so I'm going to have a comment about copy the line I've
been based on to say the end of about right.
And then once we have this then we're going to have a section with a class of about.
And then with an idea about it or here like this once we have this section now we would want a two articles.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be an article.
This is going to be about Image class about Image image or hair stand up.
And then we'll have about text.
All right so here we're going to have article on Google.
And this is going to be about and we're going to say next month we have this within this about text.
Now we need to actually create a div I don't going to say about text I'm we're going to say Center I
mean so this is going to be div with a class of about X.
And then once we have this then we're going to write a Heading 1 and we're going right over here and
this is going to be called masters on this press tab and we have a heading one.
Then after that we're going to have a ABOUT text on line here like this.
We're going to say this is going to be a div with about here next and we're going to say this is going
to be on the line.
There's a line on this press tab.
This is going to be next thing after Codemasters.
Then we have a paragraph with a.
What say I don't know like 15 12 words or something like this.
And that's Pless over here where I'm going to have a link.
Right so we're going right over here.
Still within this about Center was going to play.
So like right pro-stem Hash tag no.
Explore on it like this.
And we're actually done with HCM no.
So we can go to style success or mines.
Is an arc.
Right.
And starts dialing.
So here what I'm going to say and this is going to be about right now we just need to place a hashtags
like this and just sort of all over the place basically.
So I'm separating them right now.
First one let's deal with any about image.
Right.
So I'm going to say about image first article or I'm going to say in height 80 view it's more like this.
And again you can see nothing happens here.
However we're going to see a background you are all here.
We're going to say image and I'm going to say about background.
Right so now I'm going to get these clocks or here or here we're going to right center then we're going
to have a cover cover then we'll will have a fixed and have no repeat fixed no repeat or like this.
Right.
Once we have this now we would want to deal with a about text.
Right so this shouldn't be our second issue that we would want to deal with right now or here.
Maybe let's go back to skills you can see that I have these white lines right.
You have a tarp over here at the bottom.
All right.
So obviously we would need to go back to skills or here and you decide what would we want to do.
Right.
Well probably what we want to do is we would want to add a pratting or here like this.
So I'm going to say this is going to be skills and I would say we're going to have a padding of 40 pixels
and zero here.
So right now I can see that my white lines are actually gone.
Then once we're dealing with this background image right now I would want a about text.
So I want to say about text here and what we would want with an about text we would want the same thing
we do and say height 80 a few words like this.
To say that this is going to be a display and this is going to be display.
Let's just remember that again this is going to have only one child right.
Because the full text was the parent about text Center was the only child right because we didn't want
to deal with them separately we just want to deal with them with a whole image.
Right.
Well the whole block.
All right then we're going to say we're here and this is going to be a line item center line items center.
Then we're going to say that this is going to have a background note here we're going to say hash tag
0 3 2 3 2 4 and 3 3.
All right so basically this is going to be this dark blue background and then we'll have a color and
the color is going to be the white one well white gray 1 3 and 5 on here like this.
And then we have another paddings So we're going to say batting 40 pixels and zero.
So something like this.
And then now we would want to work with this about text center.
So we're going to say we're here about text and we're going to say Center on this.
And when this one we're going to say like this then this should have a width 90 per cent like this margin.
0 auto and again basically we're replacing it in the center.
So now I can see that I'm kind of running out of space so I'm going to create more room more here I
guess right.
So let's go back over here and we're going to say that this is going to be about text.
Adding one more here like this.
Right.
And what should happen.
We're going to say text transform text transform to capitalize like this and just see whether we're
actually selecting it right.
And then you have a margin bottom here.
We're going to have eight 10 pixels margin than pixels and lets say zero.
Right so we're here you know what let's write like this let's write differently.
That's right margin bottom pixels bottom 10 pixels or here like this.
Right then we're going to have a about text on that line about text on the line like this and then we'll
say with 200 pixels here.
Height 5 pixels here and then a background.
I'm going to say hash tag 8 F C and B F D B of D or A like this.
Right now it's Shreck y why that line wasn't it.
Right.
And over here you can see that if we have a about text underline right.
So this was a little bit different.
We actually need to write it differently right.
So right like this.
Now I have my line then we don't want to work with a paragraph here.
Right.
And we're going to say this is going to be about and text paragraph and all here we're going to say
this is going to be a margin 20 pixels zero.
Right so 20 pixels Marnham height or line height is going to be to line height is going to be to over
here.
And Folland style style is going to be taluk Dallek or then once we're done with this now we'd want
to work with the link.
Right so we're going to say over here bold text and we're going to say a link and we're going to start
with a display.
Probably going to say inline block right because we want to add a margins and paddings and we're going
to say text decoration.
None here then will have a text trends one and we're going to say upper case I like this color we're
going to use again the White grayish 1 3 5 here like this.
And then once we have this then we'll have a padding padding of 15 pixels and 10 pixels like this.
So top bottom 15 sides is going to be 10.
And then we have a border here.
This is going to be a three pixels solid.
And again we're going to use the white one.
So I have five three three or five.
All right.
And then we would want some transitions and transitions would be for the border for the background and
for the color right.
So what we're going to see here transition transition here this is going to be for two seconds is background
two seconds.
Ease right.
And then color two seconds his ears or here.
So all three of them right now obviously we would want to hover effect so we're going to say about text
and we're going to see a.
And this is going to be Hulver.
And as we were hovering the color is going to be I think 1 9 1 9 1 9 0 here then background is going
to be a white one.
So that 5 3 5 or here and border color.
So we're going to say border and say color here and let's try this one right.
So say hash tag 0 3 2 and 4 3 4 3 or here.
So let's say Right and let's see what we have.
Right.
So this is one way how we can do it or we can actually set it.
The border color also let's say if the background is white then this should be white.
You going to say five of three or five.
Right so we can also do it like this.
Right.
This is also an option how we can do it.
Now we can also obviously now can see it once I change the white back and just leave it without a change
right.
So it's really up to you how you want to do it all right now.
Once we have this now what I would want is to have all this slanted right but only on a specific height.
Right.
So only once it has reached a specific height we would want that to happen.
But you know what we're here to capitalize.
Let's do a prickish do prickers like this that's maybe add some font sizes too.
So I'm going to say font size and say 30 pixels or here like this.
Right.
Just so it's a little bit bigger now we're here what you need is media screen green and we're going
to see and hear remain with more hair and the men with us is actually going to be a 9 9 2 or you know
a sort of 7:36 776 pixels here.
Once we have this we're going to say about right now we're going to have a display of flex splay flex
or here.
So let's check it out what we have here.
All right so this is what we are working on right now.
This should be a display flex.
Right.
So as we refresh it.
This is how it's going to look like.
Right.
Or here and let's just check with the next issue him now.
All right.
This was an about image and this was an article right.
So what are we going to do over here.
Right now we have a bolt of display flex.
Then over here we're going to say about text and the text is going to be on here like this.
Right.
I'm going to say 4 x 0 0 30 percent or you're like this then 40 about image.
All right.
We're going to say this.
This shouldn't be honestly 70 percent.
So about image here.
And we're going to say flex and 0 0 70 percent or here and now we would want to have this slanted part
right.
So once we refresh right now I can see that image but I want to make this line here right.
That's what I would want right now.
So what I'm going to do over here I'm going to say this is going to be clip path clip.
We're here and we're going to say polygon we're here and here we're going to use 0 0.
All right we're going to start with zero.
Then we'll have 100 percent here then we'll have another zero and then we'll have 15 100 percent.
So basically what I'm doing is what I'm saying is this right now right.
So if this is 0 0 0 for x 0 for y this is going to be harder for X and still zero for why.
Right because it's all the way there.
However over here this should be a hundred for X and a hundred for a Y.
And this should be zero for X and 100 for Y.
Right.
When I want do here is like this right.
I'm just going to create this line.
So this is going to be 00 this is going to be hundred and 0 and then we're going to change the third
and fourth.
Right.
So 0 4 x 0 for y hundred for x 0 for a Y.
And over here we're going to say 50 percent for x 100 percent for y no karma zero.
And this is going to be 100 percent right again.
We're going to go back to the normal stage where we have a zero for X and 100 for Y or here right.
So it's taken out when we have fresh.
Right now I can see what we have over here right.
So this the last one is going to be the same but this is the only valid changed.
Now I can see how what kind of shape we got right now obviously for the whole thing.
Now what we will need is a background so I'm going to say about what we're going to say back ground
and we're going to say hash tag 0 3 this 2 4.
And then we have three.
So basically what I'm saying is for the whole About section have this background.
Right.
So once I refresh.
Now we have this right.
So this is one of the ways that we can do it.